hey everyone watching my youtube channel
as you can see I'm playing more vs.
Capcom 3 and I've noticed that a lot of
people on message boards are wondering
how you're supposed to you know land
spider-man's ultimate whip throw hyper
load you can see doesn't hit them when
they're on the ground so I'll just set
the AI to jump land easily so one thing
that you can do to force this set up is
to do a launch combo put in his web
swing continue the launch combo I then
when Spiderman lands on the ground do
the ultimate web throw so I'll show you
right here
right there viii the opponent will
always land into that nothing they can
do about it
as long as they're in the air ultimate
what throw will hit all the time
all right in
another good setup he could do is right
there
Oh
we bust out of that they tend to fall
into that if you have the distance right
that's way
too far away but well you saw earlier in
the video and it that's the most
reliable convoy towards me left over ok
hope this one cupful Dean